hey my name is Melissa this is the first
video that I have recorded solo I have
appeared on my boyfriend's YouTube
channel the channel name is about SEL
but this is the first video on my own
youtube channel which I am starting
because I want to have something online
that is a representation of myself that
documents the struggles in my life
documents what I'm going through and
hopefully one day I can look back and
see how much I've progressed maybe one
day my kid can look at the YouTube
channel and see what I was like back in
the day so another reason why I thought
I would start the channel is to make
more connections with people not
necessarily in real life though that
would be great um I realized that the
internet can connect you to people that
you wouldn't have known otherwise I met
my boyfriend my boyfriend through
looking at his YouTube channel so you
never know who you're gonna meet when
you put yourself out there online so
that's what I'm hoping with this YouTube
channel and also for me it's always been
easier for me to communicate with
written language than spoken language I
was an English major in college and I
wrote many essays but to me it's always
been a little bit of a struggle to
express myself concisely so that's
something that I want to challenge
myself to do with this channel so I
thought the first topic that I would
bring up is my recent dabbling in
reading ancient Greek literature so
before this I had never read any ancient
Greek literature I had heard of Socrates
I had heard of Aristotle
of course Greek mythology is mentioned
in so many things in Western culture I
know I knew vaguely about the Trojan War
and yeah so there are some things that I
knew about vaguely but this is the first
time I actually went through the effort
and read some
of ancient Greek literature and for me
I'm not quite through it but I want to
go through each of the works probably
one by one and make videos about them
because to me I think there's a lot to
discuss in each of them and they are
really interesting and I don't know if
there's so much on YouTube about these
particular works I know that people have
devoted their lives to scholarly
pursuits specifically about ancient
Greek literature but I don't know in the
modern age if so many people really take
the time to read them and I do think
it's really important it's something
that I have found valuable in my life
I'm not sure I didn't I didn't keep a
count when I was in college but I think
I must have read at least at least a
hundred novels and to me just reading
these works I think has been more
valuable you get way more bang for your
buck when you read these than you would
reading tons of literature so yeah I
would really encourage anybody who sees
this video to give it a shot um if for
me I was given a background in this from
my boyfriend he encouraged me to get
into it so it was helpful when I was
first reading these things to talk with
him about the places and I think what
was most challenging when I first
started reading them was the place names
the geography learning about the wars so
you know just do some reading on
Wikipedia what I did was look up each of
the authors so I've been reading Plato
I've been reading Aristotle I've been
reading Xenophon and Thucydides so I
went through each of their Wikipedia
pages and read about them and each of
the works too so for me I did I first
get kind of hung up on the Greek
mythology and some of the notes so some
of the texts are more heavily and
some of them have more footnotes than
others and I was kind of getting booked
on it first like oh do I do I need to
really know about this Greek myth
basically no like you mean you can still
get the point of each of the works
without being an expert in the history
but yeah and also it was helpful to look
up each of the wars that are kind of
mentioned like the Trojan War the
Persian War and I've been reading
through city DS which is a documentation
of the Peloponnesian War so reading a
little bit about the Peloponnesian War
and a concise Wikipedia page is helpful
when you're first starting and I'm not
quite through this as you can see but
this is the longest work out of all the
ones that I've read and it's yeah as you
can see it's a pretty thin book um you
really it's not like reading a novel
though that's what I've encountered with
reading this it's easy to skim or read a
novel fast you know I'm a pretty fast
reader with novels but with these it
really requires patience and sometimes I
will read what a passage three times to
really get it but yeah like some are
easier to get through than others this
is actually a book with four works so it
has Euthyphro apology Crito and clouds
and each of them are pretty short so
that is kind of cool about ancient Greek
works at the time I am NOT an expert but
at the time I know it was not so easy to
write down stories and to document them
just in terms of having availability of
writing materials so yeah so they're
pretty short um this one that I have
read is has also also has four different
works in within this book it's not that
big so yeah and as I said quite a few of
them are heavily annotated so like when
you're looking at a page
quite quite a bit of it is actually like
notes so yeah I would really recommend
anybody you know improve their knowledge
by reading ancient Greek literature and
to me like some of the ideas are so
fresh and relevant it's amazing to me
that it was written 2,000 years ago so
yeah it's it's been pretty pretty
awesome to read through these I wish I
would have read them earlier you know
I'm 25 years old so it took me a while
to get to reading something of this
caliber but you know um I guess I could
say now I did I came from a family that
didn't really put emphasis on
independent reading or being an
autodidact teaching yourself how to read
not not how to read but like teaching
yourself how to get into more ancient
literature like this my dad doesn't read
literally he doesn't read my mom just
reads novels for the most part but not
very often you know so yeah hmm yeah so
that's kind of where I come from I did
go you know I did go to university but
how basically didn't get much of an
education there to be honest so anyway I
think that's all I'm gonna say today but
like I said I would like to make youtube
videos about each of the works kind of
do a review of each of them and say what
was meaningful and them to me so yeah I
hope this first video was alright and I
will see you soon